ANS 1.
 
Software is the collection of instructions, data and the command given to it. 
Software engineering is the process which includes requirement of the client, analysis, designing, implementation and managing the software.

ANS 2.

There are mainly five types of software:-
1. Application software
2. System software
3. Driver software
4. Middleware
5. Programming software

1) Application software:-  It performs specific function for the user.
                              exampple- microsoft, paint

2) System software:- The software which is stored by default in the system are known as system software.
                       example- notepad, calculator

3) Driver software:-  Driver software is also known as device drivers. 
                      Driver software control the devices connected to the computer and enables them to perform specific function.  
                        example- audio driver, video driver

4) Middleware:- It is the software which mediates between the application software and system software.
                   example- server middleware, database middleware

5) Programming software:-  Programming software is used by the programmers to write the the code.
                                 example- turbo c, eclipse 


ANS 3.


SDLC:- Software Development Life Cycle
            Phases included in SDLC are as follows:-

1.Requirement gathering: The requirement of the client is been gathered in this phase.
2.Analysis  :  The requirements which are been gathered is now analysed and make the rough idea of the website which is been built.
3.Designing :  In designing the overview of the website is made.
4.Implementation :  The codes have been written in this phase of SDLC by the programmers.
5.Testing   : The website which is been made is now tested by the team of testing and they sees wheather the website is running properly or not.
6.Maintainance : In this phase the webiste is been maintained and if the error comes then they solve it. And it depend on the contract client had made.


ANS 4.


DFD stands for Data Flow Diagram. It shows the visual representation of the flow of data.


ANS 5.




ANS 6.

Use case diagram represents the interaction between the actor and the system.  









































